README.md, before:

# QAP4_Java-S3
# Database and File Handling

Practice assessment for reading and writing Event objects to, and from a file; and Part objects to, and from a database.
The main program, including the menu, is stored in the Main class.

- The Event class stores information about events, such as parties, weddings, and graduations.
+ The Part class stores information about parts, such as computers, cars, and plumbing.

## Screenshots (Output)
### Write Events to File:
![Write Events to File](/screenshots/WriteEventsFile.png "Output of Write Events to File")
### Read Events From File:
![Read Events from File](/screenshots/ReadEventsFile.png "Output of Read Events from File")
### Write Parts to Database:
![Write Parts to Database](/screenshots/WritePartsDatabase.png "Output of Write Parts to Database")
### Read Parts From Database:
![Read Parts from Database](/screenshots/ReadPartsDatabase.png "Output of Read Parts from Database")

## QAP 4 Questionnaire
    
1. How many hours did it take you to complete this assessment?
   - Entity Classes: 30 minutes
   * Menu: 1 hour
   * Reading and Writing to a file: 1 hour
   + Reading and Writing to a database: 2-3 hours
    
2. What online resources did you use? Stack Overflow
3. Did you get help from any classmates? No
4. Did you ask for help from an instructor? No
5. Rate the difficulty of each problem and your confidence in solving similar problems in the future.
   - Reading and Writing to a file: 2/5. I'm very confident that I will be able to solve this kind of problem in the future
   + Reading and Writing to a database: 4/5. I understand the concepts, but I may have to research the code syntax, and order of operations in the future

Commit message:

Add an Event functionality, Add Event Screenshot
-An ArrayList of Events is used throughout the program for the data to write
-Option to add an event to the list.
-README.md update for the new functionality and screenshot

README.md, after:

# QAP4_Java-S3
# Database and File Handling

Practice assessment for reading and writing Event objects to, and from a file; and Part objects to, and from a database.
The main program, including the menu, is stored in the Main class.

- The Event class stores information about events, such as parties, weddings, and graduations.
+ The Part class stores information about parts, such as computers, cars, and plumbing.

## Screenshots (Output)
### 1. Write Events to File:
![Write Events to File](/screenshots/WriteEventsFile.png "Output of Write Events to File")
### 2. Read Events From File:
![Read Events from File](/screenshots/ReadEventsFile.png "Output of Read Events from File")
### 3. Add an Event to the list:
![Add an Event to the list](/screenshots/AddEventToList.png "Output of Add an Event to the list")
### 4. Write Parts to Database:
![Write Parts to Database](/screenshots/WritePartsDatabase.png "Output of Write Parts to Database")
### 5. Read Parts From Database:
![Read Parts from Database](/screenshots/ReadPartsDatabase.png "Output of Read Parts from Database")

## QAP 4 Questionnaire
    
1. How many hours did it take you to complete this assessment?
   - Entity Classes: 30 minutes
   * Menu: 1 hour
   * Reading and Writing to a file: 1-2 hours
   * Add an Event to the list: 30 minutes
   + Reading and Writing to a database: 2-3 hours
    
2. What online resources did you use? Stack Overflow
3. Did you get help from any classmates? No, but I have discussed the different aspects of the project with Justin Greenslade, to make sure that we haven't forgotten anything.
4. Did you ask for help from an instructor? No
5. Rate the difficulty of each problem and your confidence in solving similar problems in the future.
   - Reading and Writing to a file: 2/5. I'm very confident that I will be able to solve this kind of problem in the future
   + Reading and Writing to a database: 4/5. I understand the concepts, but I may have to research the code syntax, and order of operations in the future
